FOURTH:To the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's attorney, an amount equal to the sum of. $_ Z/16. 40for costs and disbursements in this action, as taxed by the County Clerk, with interest thereon from the date hereof, and also the sum of'$_ 5, 6 S  for attorney's fees; and the sum of'$59,097.28, which amount is the amount reported due, with interest thereon pursuant : to the notes from the date interest was calculated through in the Referee's report to the date of this  Judgment of Foreclosure and Sale, and thereafter, at the legal interest rate of nine percent (9%) per..annum until the day of sale, or, if there are insufficient proceeds to pay said sum, then an amount.. equal to the balance held by the Referee..    FIFTH:In case the Plaintiffis the purchaser of said Mortgaged Premises at said sale,.or in the event that the rights of the purchaser at said sale and the terms of sale under this Judgment Shall be assigned to and be acquired by the Plaintiff, and a valid assignment thereof filed with said.Referee, said Referee shall not require the Plaintiffto pay in cash the entire amount bid at said sale,but upon the payment to said Referee of the amounts specified in paragraphs "FIRsT", SECOND"and "THIRD" above shall execute and deliver to the Plaintiff a deed or deeds to.the Mortgaged Premises sold.    SIXTH:The balance of. the amount bid, after deducting therefrom the aforesaid.amounts paid by the Plaintiff for Referee's fees and advertising expenses, shall be allowed to the Plaintiff and applied by said Referee upon the amounts due to the Plaintiff as specified above in.paragraph "FOURTH". If, after applying the balance ofthe amount bid, there shall be a surplus over  and above the said amounts due to the Plaintiff, the Piaintiff shall pay to the Referee, upon delivery.to Plaintiff of said Referee's deed, the amount of such surplus. Upon receiving said amounts from the.Plaintiff, the Referee shall forthwith then deposit the balance.    SEVENTH:The Referee is to take the receipt of the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's attorney for the ..