lien as of the date of sale but are not due until a date later in time than the foreclosure sale date. In the event that the plaintiff shall have advanced monies for taxes,assessments, water charges, sewer rents or hazard insurance covering a period which is later in time than the foreclosure sale date, Purchaser herein agrees to reimburse plaintiff for such advances.    6th The Purchaser of said premises, or any portion thereof, will, at the time and place of sale, sign a memorandum of his purchase, and an agreement to comply with the terms and conditions of sale herein contained.    7th In case any Purchaser shall fail to comply with any of the above conditions of sale, the premises so struck down to him will be again put up for sale under the direction of the Referee under these same terms of sale, and in addition to any other liability of the Purchaser hereunder, such Purchaser will be held liable for any deficiency there may be between the Purchase Price on the sale and the Purchase Price on the resale and also for any costs or cxpenses occyrring on such resale, including but not limited to Plaintiff's reasonable attorney's fes, disbursements and advertising costs.'  8th In the event the Purchaser fails for any reason to comply in any way with these Terms of Sale, then the Purchaser shall have no further rights to any monies (including without limitation the Initial Payment and any payment made in connection with an extension) deposited with the Referce (the "Partial Payment"), and the Referee is directed to tender tho Partial Payment to plaintiff within ten (10) days of the date of Purchaser's default, which sum shall reduce the amount which defendant Mortgagor owes to the Plaintiff, including but not limited to any and all additional expenses arising out of Purchaser's failure to comply with these Terms of Sale.  9th Notwithstanding any provision contained herein to the contrary, in thc cvent the title is unable to bc conveyed for whatever reason whatsoever, except for the default of the Purchaser, the Purchaser's sole remedy shall be a return of thc Initial Payment or Partial Payment. In that cvent, the Purchaser shall have no further rights against the Referec or the Plaintiff.    10th The Purchaser will cxecute any and all documents required by the Referee in connection with this transfer, including, without limitation, Real Property Transfer Tax forms, New York State Transfer Gains Tax forms, New York State Equalization forms and indemnity agreements.    1Ith All deed stamps, transfer taxes and recording fees, if any shall be paid by thc Purchaser.    12th The Premises are sold "As IS" as of the date of the foreclosure sale, without any representations either express or implied.    13th The property will be sold subject to:  PCW   (b) All covenants, restrictions, easements, declarations, rights of way, agreements     18-148223 - DaR 