 become liens on the premises at the time of sale, shall be apportioned as of midnight of the day prior to closing, based on the fiscal period for which they are assessed..    13.All expenses of recording the Referee's deed, including transfer tax, which is not a.Iien upon the property at the time of sale, shall be paid by the purchaser. No abstract of title or survey will be furnished. All abstract of title continuation and other charges, including deed stamps,are to be paid for by the purchaser..    14.The sale of the property is subject to plaintiff's right to negotiate a settlement with the mortgagors for redemption ofthe property and/or reinstatement of the Ioan up to the time of sale.In the event a settlement agreement is reached with the mortgagors prior to the auction of this property, and the sale inadvertently proceeds despite such settIement agreement, the sale of this.property shall be deemed null and void and all deposits received shall be timely returned. The.successful bidder shall have no further rights or recourse against plaintiff or the referee other than the return of the down payment.    15.Purchaser assumes all risk of Ioss or damage to the premises from the date of the auction until the date of closing and thereafter..    16. In the event a bankruptcy petition is filed, prior to the scheduled foreclosure sale,by any party with an interest in the subject premises, which bankruptcy filing stays the foreclosure sale of the subject premises, the down payment tendered by the successful bidder, at the sale, shall be refunded by the referee and the sale deemed null and void. The successful.bidder shall have no further rights or recourse, against plaintiff or the referee, other than the return of the down payment.    17. In the event a bankruptcy petition is filed by any party with an interest in the subject premises subsequent to the scheduled foreclosure sale but prior to closing, plaintiff shall.make an application to the bankruptcy court within a reasonable time to confirm the sale. In the.event the bankruptcy court confirms the sale, a closing shall take place within 30 days of the confirmation. In the event the bankruptcy court does not confirm the sale, the down payment.tendered by the successful bidder at the sale shall be refunded by the referee and the sale deemed. null and void. The successful bidder shall have no further rights or recourse, against plaintiff or.the referee, other than the return of the down payment..    Dated: