10. The Terms of Sale should be posted bofore the auction begins. The Referee shall afford prospective bidders time to review the Terms of Sale.    11. At his or her discretion, the Referee may choose not to accept cash.  12. A successful bidder should have in his/her possession at the time of the bid the full 10% of.the sum bid, in cash (if accepted at the referee's discretion) or certified or bank check to be made payable to the Referee.    13. All persons wishing to bid on properties will provide proof of identification.  14. Bidders will be required to stand and state their names at the time the bid is made..  15. No sale will bc deemed final until the full 10% deposit has been paid to the Referee and.the Terms of Sale has been signed; this must be done immediately following the auction..  16. If a successful bidder fails to immediately pay the deposit and sign the Terms of Sale, the property will be promptly re-auctioned.    17. Bidders are cautioned that the failure to furnish the 10% deposit or sign the Terms of Sale after winning an auction may result in the loss of future bidding privileges. The Court reserves tho right to impose penalties for inappropriato behavior or other misconduct as it sces fit     18. Tho amount of tho successful bid (tho purchase pricc) and the name and address of the successful bidder, will be recorded.    19. The following specific safety procedures will be followed;  : Social distancing (minimum of 6 feet) should be maintained from others whether the auction is conducted within or outsids the court complex.    : Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) including face masks, disposable plexiglass face shields and other similar protective face covering will be utilized.  - Routine cleaning of surfaces, door handles and similar locations before and after auctions as needed, using appropriate cleaning and disinfection methods.  . Frequent and thorough hand washing is encouraged, as is routine use of hand sanitizers or alcohol disinfectant wipes.    - Floor markings showing where members of the public should sit or stand at least 6ft.apart.    : Signage or notice that people need to observe social distancing rules and that the markings on the floor, seats, etc. are placed to show where they should be standing,sitting, etc. in order to do so..  