$50,ooo. In the event the sale price exceeds fifty thousand dollars and additional. compensation (including commissions) in-exeess of $500-is-sought pursuant to CPLR g 8003(b), and if-no  surplus monies are produced-by the sale, thc parties may present a stipulation, signed by-the Referee and all partios appearing, agrccing to a-stated sum, to be so Ordered by the Court. Where surplus monies will bo availablo following distribution of sums as provided horein, or where the.parties are- unable to-agree to- the- Referee's proper-compensation under CPLR g 8003(b);applioation shall bo made to this Court on-notice to-all- parties known to-be-cntitled to elaim against-any surplus-monies, ineluding the defaulting owner of the- equity of redomption. Such application shall bo promptly submitted to-tho Court- within-fivo days-of the transfer of the-dosd  and prior to filing thc Roport of Sale. The five day period for paymont of surplus money into Court as set-forth in RPAPL g 1354(4), and the thirty-day period set forth inr RPAPL  1355 fur the-filing-of the Report of Sale shall be- deemed cxtended pending the- doeision of-the-Court.- regarding sueh applieation.  In the event a scheduled sale is cancelled or postponed, pursuant to CPLR  8003(a),Plaintiff shall compensate the Referee in the sum of $2so.oo for each adjournment or  cancellation unless the Referee has requested the delay. Such compensation may be recouped . from the proceeds of sale as a cost to Plaintiff. This Order shall constitute the necessary prior.authorization for compensation as set forth herein..    No compensation in excess of $750, including compensation authorized pursuant to.CPLR  8003(a) for computation of the sum due to Plaintiff, may be accepted by the Referee without Court approval and compliance with the filing provisions of Section 36.4 of the Rules of the Chief Judge.    SECOnD:Pursuant to ReaI Property Actions and Proceedings Law  1354, in .accordance with their priority according to Iaw, taxes, assessments, sewer rents, water rates and.any charges placed upon the property by a governmental agency which have priority over the foreclosed Mortgage, which are liens on the premises at the time of sale with such interest or.penalties which may have Iawfully accrued thereon to the date of payment..