the purchase of up to an additional fifteen (15) days. The Plaintiff will have the option in its sole discretion, and without leave of the court, to (1) adjourn the closing at the request of the purchaser,in which event the purchaser will be charged with interest at 9% per annum from today's date through the eventual closing date on the whole of the purchase price as well as assuming responsibility for any and all reasonable costs incurred as a result of the adjournment, or (2) sell to the second highest bidder and the 10% deposit will be applied to the deficiency and interest at 9% per annum from today's date though the eventual closing date on the whole of the purchase price, as well as any and all reasonable costs incurred as a result of purchaser's failure to complete the purchase or (3) elect to reschedule the foreclosure sale and the 10% deposit will be retained by me, as Referee, and applied to the proceeds of the rescheduled foreclosure. The Purchaser will be held liable for any deficiency there may be between the sum for which the premises shall be struck down upon this sale and the price for which the premises may be purchased at the rescheduled sale,plus interest and costs, as I have just described. Should there be an excess, it will be returned. My retention and application of the deposit shall not be deemed a waiver of any of the rights of the Plaintiff to seek and obtain damages from the defaulting bidder.    3.The Referee is authorized to accept a written opening bid from the Plaintiff or the Plaintiff's attorneys, just as though the Plaintiff appeared in person. If the Plaintiff is the successful bidder,the deposit required by paragraph 1" above will be waived.    4.The premises shall be sold in "as is" physical order and condition as of this date and subject to:  (a) rights of the public and others in and to any part of the mortgaged premises which Iie within the bounds of any street or highway..    100769-3  Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., etc. vs. John A. Shepard, et al.Cortland County Supreme Court , Index #: EF19-576