ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED, that the Referee then deposit the balance IEoiA accaunt of said proceeds of sale in her/his own name as Referee in a. e>cruw or , and shall thereafter make the following payments in accordance with RPAPL 1354, as follows:  FIRsT: The Referee's statutory fees for conducting the sale, in accordance with CPLR #75o uals the prpe-t, sells + #5r, ooo or More.  the euen?  sale was canelleg 8003(b), not to exceed $soo.00. Plaintiff shall compensate the Referee in the sum of$ 2So  . Lor po=t for each adjournment or cancellation, unless the Referee caused the delay;  SECOND: . All taxes, assessments, and water rates that are liens upon the property and monies necessary to redeem the property from any sales for unpaid taxes, assessments, or water rates that have not become absolute, and any other amounts due in accordance with RPAPL $1354(2). In the event the property is purchased by a third-party, any such taxes, assessments,sewer rent and water rates shall be pro-rated as of the date of the foreclosure auction, and the thirdparty purchaser shall assume all responsibility for same as of said date. Purchaser'shall be responsible for interest and penalties due on any real property taxes accruing after the sale. The Referee shall not be responsible for the payment of penalties or fees pursuant to this appointment.The Purchaser shall hold the Referee harmless from any such penalties or fees assessed;  THIRD: The expenses of the sale and the advertising expenses as shown on the bills presented and certified by said Referee to be correct, duplicate copies of which shall be annexed to the report of sale;.    FOURTH: The Referee shall then pay to the PIaintiff or its attorney the following:  Amount Due per Referee's Report: $250,932.16, with interest at the note rate from.December 5, 2022, through the date of entry of this judgment, together with any advances as  provided for in the note and mortgage which PIaintiff has made for taxes, insurance, principal, and interest, .and any other charges due to prior mortgages or to maintain the property pending 