# Schedule A - Legal Description   THAT tract or parcel of land. sitated in the City of Cortland County of Costland and State of New York. bounded and described as follows..    BEGLNNING at a point on the inside of the sidewalk on Hamlin Street a distance of.eighry-three (83) feet from the inside of the sidewalk on Madisou Street and at the.northwest corner of lands (formerly) owned by Mahan (now Fitzgerald): and    RUNNING THENCE Easterly on a line parallel with Madison Street one mundred Eighte (108) feet to a point.    THENCE RUNNING Northerly along a line parallel to the east line of Hamlin Steet a distance of one hundred (100) feet to a point:  THENCE RUNNING W'esterly along the southern boundary line of Iands (formerly) of Wesley V. Hickanan and wife (now Clark). and parallel to the northerly line of Madison.Street one hundred eight feet (108) to a point.    RUNNING THENCE Southerly along the inside of the sidewalk on Hamlin Street one hundred (100) feet to tbxe place of BEGINNING.    TOGETHER with the east half of Hamln Streer which abuts upon the sad premnises subject to its use for street and highw'ay purpose's.    EXCEPTING AND RESERVING a triangular portion of land beginning at a point on tbe inside of the sidewalk on Hamlin Street at the northwest corner of properties described In a deed from W'arren and Florence Bowdish to Donald C. and Teresa M. Kerwin. dated August 21. 1936.recorded September 8. 1936 in Book 176 of Deeds at page 507 of the C'ontland County C'lerk's Office. said point of beginning being marked by an iron pipe:  RUNNING THENCE Easterly on a 90 degree angle with tbe east walk line of Hamlin Steet a distance of 107.88 feet to the east line of said property:  RUV.NING THENCE Northerly along the east line of said property a distance of 4.96 feet to in iron pipe marking the northeast comer of said property..    RUN.NING THENC'E Westerlv along the north line of said property (being Clark's south line) a distance of 10s.0 feet to the point or place of beginning. being a tnangular piece of land along the westerly side of said property and adjoining the property of the said.Clarks.as conveyed by Donald C. Kerwin to William W. and Susan A. Clark by deed dated November 28. 1969. recorded in the Cortland County Clerk's Office December 12.1969 In Book 318 of Deeds at page 505  