ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that the Referee's Report be, and the same is, hereby in all aspects ratified and confirmed, and it is further.    ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED, that the mortgaged property described in the Complaint and as hereafter described, or such part thereof as may be sufficient. to discharge the mortgage debt, the expense of the sale, and the,costs of this action as proyided by the RPAPL.I pu>aA' + +he Tens of sle an Fereelosure Avotis'Pl~ nfhel!*Cx4:6: tA be sold, within 90 days of the date of this Judgment, in one parcel, at a public auction at the MainLobby-of thc Cortland County Courthouse, 46 Greenbush Street, City of Cortland and-to the. extent possiblo, at -AM/PM, by and under the direction of. Je ffrey De Roberts, Esy..333 E. Drordaga St., Syracuse, NY 1320Z, 315. 471-6445, wh0 is appointed Referee for..that purpose; that said Referee give public notice of the time and place of sale in accordance with [TaeSyracuse Ps+ Stardard].  RPAPL  231 in Cortland Standard; and it is further     ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that by accepting this appointment, the Referee certifies that he/she is in compliance with Part 36 of the Rules of the Chief Judge (22NYCRR Part 36), including, but not limited to  36.2 (c) (Disqualifications from Appointment") and  36.2 (d) ("Limitations on appointments based upon compensation'); and, if the Referee is disqualified from receiving an appointment pursuant to the provisions of that Rule,the Referee shall immediately notify the Appointing Judge; and it is further.  ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that the Referee is prohibited from accepting or retaining any funds for him/herself or paying funds to him/herself without compliance with Part 36 of the Rules of the Chief Administrative Judge; and it is further *.  . ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that the Referee shall conduct the.foreclosure-sale only-if Plaintiff, its successors and/or assignees, or its representatives is present at the sale or the Referee has received a written bid and Terms of Sale from Plaintiff, its 