NYSCEF DOC NO. 168    The successful bidder shall have no further rights or recourse, against plaintiff or the referee, other than the return of the down payment.    17th In the event a bankruptcy petition is filed by any party with an interest in the subject premises subsequent to the scheduled foreclosure sale but prior to closing, plaintiff may, at plaintiff's option, make an application to the bankruptcy court within a reasonable time to confirm the sale. In the cvent the bankruptcy court confirms the sale, a closing shall take place within 30 days of the confirmation. In the cvent the bankruptcy court does not confirm the sale, the down payment tendered by the successful bidder at the sale shall be refunded by the referee and thc sale deemed null and void. The successful bidder shall have no further rights or recourse, against plaintiff or the referee, other than the return of the down payment.  18th The Referee and/or the Plaintiff shall not be liable or bound by any verbal or written statements, representstions, promises, statements or guaranties, real estate broker's "setups" or information pertaining to the premises furnished by any real estate broker,.agent, employee or any other person except as specifically set forth herein. The Referce and/or the Plaintiff IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, GUARANTIES, PROMISES OR STATEMENTS OF ANY KIND RELATING IN ANY MANNER TO THE PREMISES. All understandings and agreements heretofore had between the parties are merged in these Terms of Sale,which fully and completely express their agreement. These Terms of Sale cannot be changed or terminated orally and cannot be waived orally. These terms of sale shall be binding on the Purchaser(s) and any hcirs, successors and assigns thereof..  19th To the extent that the Terms of Salo varies in any way from the Judgment of Foreclosure and Sale, attached, the terms in thc Judgment of Foreclosure and Sale control and the varianco in the Terms of Salo aro null and void. By signing this Terms.of Sale, each Third Party Purchaser acknowledges that the signor has read and understands both the Terms of Sale and the attached Judgment of Foreclosure and Sale,.that each signor agrees fully to same and represents that each signor is under no duress, has equal bargaining power and has cntered into this agreement of the signor's free will with full understanding of the responsibilities and ramifications for doing so..  20th Any errors or omissions in computing apportionments and/or allocation of closing.costs at closing sball be corrected. This provision shall survive CLOsiNG and delivery.of the Referee's Deed.    Dated:  ### Referce Patrick Michael Snyder ESQ. - REFEREE   MEMORANDUM OF SALE  The undersigned hss on this the day of purchased the premises described in the annexed printed advertisement of sale, for the sum of Dollars ($) and hereby promises and agrees to comply with the terms and conditions of the sale of said premises as above mentioned and set forth.    18-148223-DaR 