amount bid at said sale, but shall execute and deliver the Plaintiff or.its assignee, a deed or deeds . of the property sold upon the payment to said Referee of the amounts specified in items marked "First,n Second, " and Third" above; that the'Referee shall allow the Plaintiff to pay the amounts specified in 'Second "and'Third' above when it is recording the deed; that the balance.of'the bid, after deducting the amounts paid by the Plaintiff, shall be applied to the amount due Plaintiff as specified in paragraph.Fourth" aboye; that Plaintiff shall'pay any surplus after'applying the balance of the bid to the'Referee, who shall deposit it in accordance with paragraph . 'Fifth" aboye, and it is further     . ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that all expenses of recording the'Referee's .deed, including real property transfer. tax, which is not a lien upon the property at the time of"sale, shall be paid by the purchaser, not.by the'Referee, from sale proceeds, and that any transfer.4tax shall be paid in accordance with Tax law 1404, and it is further.  ORDERED, ADJUDGED.AND-DECREED that if the sale proceeds distributed in accordance.with paragraphs "irst," "Second,! "Third," and *Fourth?"above are insufficient to pay.Plaintiff the Amount' Due per the Referee's Report as set forth in paragraph "Fourth' aboye,'Plaintiff may seek to recoyer a deficiency judgement against James P. Harvey in accordance with RPAPL g1371.if permitted by law; and it is further, .     ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that the mortgaged property.is to be'sold.in*one. parcel in*as is" physical.order and condition, subject to any condition that an inspection of 'the property would disclose; any facts that an accurate survey of the property would show, any covenants, restrictions; declarations, reservations, easements, right of way, and public utility..agteements of record, if any; any building and zoning ordinances of the municipality in which  the mortgaged property is located and possible violations of same, any rights of tenants or.