execute Terms of Sale immediately following the purchase of the property.  The residue ofsaid purchase money, and any interest due pursuant to these terms, will 2.    be required to be paid by certified, bank or cashier's check to the said referee at 70 Port Watson.Street     Cortland, NY 13045, on the day of , 20when the.referee's deed will be ready. TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE to the purchaser only as to the closing date.    3.The referee is not required to send any notice to the purchaser. If purchaser fails to be present at the time and place above specified to receive the deed, Purchaser will be in default.In the event that the Plaintiff or its attormeys shall deem it proper to extend the time for the completion of said purchase, such extension shall be granted only on the following terms and.conditions: (a) Purchaser shall deposit an additional down payment of ten percent (10%) of the.purchase price with the referee; and (b) Purchaser shall pay interest at the highest legal rate of.interest on the totaI debt, from the date of sale up through and including the date of closing; and (c)any Ioss or damage to the premises during the period of such extension shall be borne by the purchaser. TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE, with respect to any extended closing date, as against the purchaser only.    4.The successful bidder is purchasing said property with the knowledge that said sale is NOT conditioned upon, or subject to, the bidder obtaining financing. Failure of the successful. bidder to remit the balance of the bid within the time frames given by the plaintiff shall constitute a default and shall result in the forfeiture of the purchaser's deposit.    5.The purchaser of said premises, or any portion thereof, will at the time and place of sale, sign a memorandum of his/her purchase and an agreement to comply with the terms and conditions of sale herein contained.    6.Should the successful bidder fail to remit 10% of the bid or execute the Terms of Sale immediately following the bidding upon the subject property, the property shall be reoffered at auction on the same day.    7.In case any purchaser shall fail to comply with any of the above conditions of sale,.the premises so struck down to him will be again put up for sale under the direction of said referee under these same terms of sale, without application to the Court. However, the referee reserves the.right to sell the premises to the second highest bidder at said sale and forego putting the premises up for sale again. In the event of a default by purchaser(s) under the terms hereof, any and all deposits shall be retained by Plaintiff as liquidated damages and such purchaser shall be held liable.for any deficiency there may be, above the retained down payment, for the sum for which said premises shall be struck down upon the sale and that for which they may be purchased on resale, and also for all costs and expenses occurring on such resale.    8.The referee is authorized to accept a written bid from the plaintiff or the plaintiff's..attorneys, which bid will be considered as the opening bid, just as though the plaintiff appeared in person,